=pod

=head2 WHAT'S THIS?

This is a community repository for Rex Recipes.

Everyone is invited to fork this repository and do pull requests.

=head2 USAGE

As of Rex Version 0.25 there will be a command for I<rexify> to search and download recipes for own Rex projects.

 rexify --search mysql
 rexify <projectname> [directory] --use Database::MySQL
 rexify <projectname> [directory] --use Database::MySQL --use Webserver::Apache ...


=head2 HOWTO CONTRIBUTE

=over 4

=item *

Choose a category. 

For example if you are developing a recipe for a Webserver like Apache, nginx, ... use the I<Webserver> category. If you are developing a recipe for Usermanagement use the Category I<User>. 

You can create new categories if there is no category that suite your needs.

If you don't know which category to use, just use the "Misc" category.

=item *

I don't want to dictate style guides. Just have fun.

For reference, i use space indention with 3 spaces.


=back

=head2 EXAMPLE RECIPE

What every Recipe needs:

=over 4

=item *

AUTHOR

This should be your name and (only if you want) your email address, where people can contact you if they have questions.

=item *

REQUIRES

If your recipe depends on other recipes, list them here.

=item *

LICENSE

The license of your recipe.

=item *

A description (see the example)

=item *

Documentation. Later there will be a website where every module will be listet with its documentation. So please provide some end user documentation :)

=back

This is a skeleton recipe.

 #
 # AUTHOR: jan gehring <jan.gehring@gmail.com>
 # REQUIRES: recipe1, recipe2
 # LICENSE: GPLv3
 #
 # This is the description of what the recipe is doing.
 # This description can be multiline. This Description will be
 # searched and displayed by the rexify command line client.
 
 package Database::MySQL;
    
 use Rex -base;
    
 task "prepare", sub {
     
     my ($param) = @_;
        
     say "foo ist: " . $param->{foo};
     install package => "mysql";
    
 };
   
 1;
     
 =pod
    
 =head2 MySQL Module
     
 This module installs MySQL on your machine.
    
 =head2 USAGE
    
    rex -H hostname Database:MySQL:prepare --foo=bar
    
 Or, to use it as a library:
     
    use Database::MySQL;
        
    task "prepare", sub {

       Database::MySQL::prepare({
          foo => "bar",
       });
      
    };


